TM Médicas specializes in trading a variety of health care products. More than 20 years of experience in commercializing high-tech medical devices from leading brands and pioneers in medical research such as Cook Medical, Bard Biopsy, IntroMedic and HS Medical. Its offering includes: Vascular Endoprostheses, Oncology, Critical Care, Surgery, Endoscopy and medical simulators.

CookMedical endovascular line stents are specialized devices for the treatment of aortic aneurysms and dissections.

At TM Medicas, we trust the Vigeo brand to offer quality devices to the health area, we are authorized distributors in Colombia.
This brand distributes products such as Relock, which is a preoperative marker that provides incomparable control and precision, a retractable and echogenic hook: all in one.
At TM Médicas we offer a wide range of biopsy devices of the highest quality.
V-tek and Autocut from the hashtag #VIGEO brand reusable biopsy devices, a perfect tool for precise control and comfort of the professional
Looking for exceptional precision in breast surgery?
Precision is crucial in breast surgery, discover Surgimarc from the Vigeo brand, a non-repositionable preoperative local lesion marker that gives you a quick visual reference and precise puncture, perfect for successful breast surgeries.

Surgimarc from the Vigeo brand provides you with a complete solution with its marker, visual reference and ultrasonic tip.

Enhance the teaching of Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation with the advanced technology of the PRESTAN CPR manikin. Realism for effective learning.

Quote with us, we are an authorized Prestan distributor.

Get ahead of the future of endoscopies with the MiroCam Capsule Endoscopy
 
The Intromedic capsule offers an advanced solution: without invasions, 6 photos per second and instant analysis, it is a technology that takes care of the health of your patients without discomfort.

Quote with us and get a special price on Intromedic MiroCam endoscopic capsules, we are an authorized distributor.

Innovation in percutaneous tracheostomy!
Efficiency and precision for health professionals with the new Blue Rhino set from Cook Medical

Simplifies percutaneous tracheostomy procedures with its included cannula.
We are exclusive distributors in Colombia.

Contact us and learn more:
(602) 524 0015 - (+57) 315 4932999
corporate@tmmedicas.com
www.tmmedicas.com
For a detailed catalog of products, I would recommend you visit their official website or contact them directly. They are committed to providing products that contribute to health and quality of life.